DAN (VOICEOVER): After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan
Interspace and forced us out, things
took a turn for the worse in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now Earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the sacred orb.
Lucky for us, we have Colossus Dragon on our side.
Barodius and the Twelve Orders, you're destined for defeat.
Now Drago!
Bakugan brawl!
[THEME - DANIEL LEBLANC AND CREIGHTON DOANE,
\"TWO WORLDS COLLIDE\"]
(SINGING) What are you gonna do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Backed against the wall, gotta give it your all.
Ah, ah.
This is the final stand. Ah, ah.
The power's in your hands.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You gotta fight for what's right before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
We're calling it a day, kids, and declaring
this battle a draw.
AIRZEL: What?
What's happening?
Strikeflier, where are you?
Come on, Jake.
We should split while they're still distracted.
You bet.
I'm frozen.
Can't move.
No one turns me into a Popsicle.
Ha ha, way to put him on ice, Maruch.
You think Dan will be in the clear now?
I don't know, but I sure hope so.
We've gotta keep our fingers crossed.
Dan hasn't let us down yet.
DAN (VOICEOVER): Bakugan Battle Brawlers
in \"The Secret Switch.\"
Please tell me we're getting close.
We're not far.
Hopefully, Marucho and the others
are keeping the Gundalians busy.
Don't worry about Marucho.
He's got our backs.
Even so, he won't be able to hold off their forces forever.
We need to keep moving.
All right, then.
This way, guys.
[music playing]
Why are we stopping?
Don't you see the giant lake in front of you?
Come on, dude, what's the big deal?
Don't you remember, we can walk on water here.
I'm not sure this is the same as the sacred spring.
Come on, as long as we're pure of heart, we'll be fine.
Um, wait, Dan.
Pure of heart!
It's just a regular lake.
Huh?
[yelling]
Almost there, almost there, almost there!
But how is he--
And once again, hardcore!
Seize the day!
I think I'll try something else.
Well, that was a very impressive
way of crossing a river.
Thanks.
He was talking to Shun.
You ready, Fabia?
Thanks.
Not bad.
We all made it across, but I think
I get extra points for style.
You wish.
So Jesse, just like the rest of your incompetent teammates,
you get one final chance to prove yourself.
Worry not.
In all great dramas, a hero must go
through trials and tribulations in order
to achieve his redemption.
Why did I get stuck with him?
Guys, make sure you watch out for blooming buttercups.
What's a blooming buttercup?
Well, Dan, well, they're--
[gasps]
Ah!
They're a species of giant carnivorous flowers
that grow here.
You mean like that one?
What a stupid name for a man-eating plant!
Wait, hold on, Dan!
Absolutely no overgrown weed is gonna have me for lunch!
All right, Shun.
Time to run for it.
[hissing]
[thud]
[thudding]
[exertion sounds]
Do me a favor next time and warn me
before I step on something that might eat me, OK?
What for?
You handled that really well.
I'd even give you extra points for style.
Yeah, yeah.
Fabia says the generator is just over that ridge.
Awesome.
The sooner I get out of this stinking jungle,
the happier I'll be.
What's going on here?
Gundalians!
We found you.
It's Stoica.
And Jesse.
Play it cool.
They don't know what we're after.
Our comrades on the front line suspected
your forces might be a decoy.
Looks like they were right.
So now the real question is what are you really doing out here?
Tell us, what is your motivation?
This stinks.
We're so close.
Relax, Dan, we still have one trick left.
It's time we use the secondary decoy strategy, OK?
It's all on you there, pal.
Fight hard.
Hmm.
Huh?
What?
We lost a cast member.
Yeah, yeah, who cares.
We'll have our hands full enough with the other two.
If the little coward wants to run, then let him.
He'll have his own teammates to deal with after we defeat them.
Out with it, brawlers, tell us the real reason
you're wandering around the Neathian jungle.
Oh, we were just looking for some Gundalian cockroaches
to stomp.
My, my, my, aren't you a cocky little boy.
Wait, hold on.
These guys are ours first, Dan.
Yes, I have a score to settle with Plitheon on behalf
of the Castle Knights.
You're a real glutton for punishment, Aranaut.
When will you realize you've got no chance of beating me?
Now who's the cocky one?
Well, this should be interesting.
Go and get him, Jesse.
Gate card set.
And now the curtain rises on our first act.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise, Ventus Plitheon.
Get ready to feel some pain!
Here we go.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Go, Haos Aranaut.
The Castle Knights will be avenged!
Victory will be ours, princess.
BOTH: Ability activate.
FABIA: Mirage Up!
[exertion sounds]
Zone Verde!
Come on, tough guy!
This is going to be fun.
[exertion sounds]
Hold on, where did you go?
Now, you see me, now you don't!
Wow, I'm having trouble keeping up with the action.
They don't look so fast to me.
[exertion sounds]
Ability activate, Mirage Fist!
You'll pay for that!
You sure?
Looks like you're finished to me.
Don't be so sure.
All right, gate card open, Ansamon Judgment.
What is happening?
The command card Ansamon Judgment
leads all Bakugan who aren't Ventus to their demise.
Surrender to the slumber.
[exertion sounds]
No, Aranaut!
FABIA (VOICEOVER): We have to maintain the illusion, Aranaut!
DAN (VOICEOVER): Let's keep these creeps dancing, Drago.
[exertion sounds]
[thudding]
Watch out, Dan.
Once Jesse is done with Fabia, I'll be taking
your precious Drago as well.
Ability activate, Valkyrie Fist.
[exertion sounds]
[thud]
[crackling]
What?
I've just destroyed your gate card,
which means that Aranaut's power level has returned to normal.
Come on, Jesse.
Ability activate, Drake Twister.
Let's take a spin.
Let's go with the flow.
Princess!
Ability activate, Spiral Glowdown!
[exertion sounds]
Ah!
Score one for the Castle Knights.
Nice one, Fabia.
So Dan, are you ready to fight me yet?
Gate card set!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Come on, Aranaut, let's hit 'em hard again.
With pleasure!
[exertion sounds]
Let's do this!
Just finish this, will you, please?
I'm ready to fight.
Enough talking.
It's time to get back to business.
As the lights dim, it signals the beginning of--
I can't wait any longer.
Now it's my turn to battle.
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan stand.
Rise, Aquos Lythirus.
[laughing]
You're doomed!
Ability activate, Merfolk!
[whooshing]
[groans]
Ability activate, Mirage Fist.
Lights out.
Ah!
I see you.
Ability activate, Eel Weakness.
But how?
They nullified our ability.
How observant.
OK, ability activate, Mirage Jet!
Princess, we're running out of options here.
Something feels off here.
From what I've heard about Dan, it
doesn't seem like him to take such
a backseat while his teammates are outnumbered two to one.
It's like they're trying to distract us.
Keep them busy, Aranaut.
You cannot escape.
That's it, isn't it?
You're trying to trick me, aren't you?
STOICA (VOICEOVER): Why won't you say something?
DAN (VOICEOVER): Hurry, Shun, I think they're on to us.
[exertion sounds]
I need to keep moving.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Finish them, Ventus Plitheon Ability
activate, Fly Destroyer.
Gate card open, Solomon Sabreur.
Ready Battle Crusher.
Battle gear boost!
What?
You're not afraid of a little battle gear, are you?
Afraid?
Command card Solomon Sabreur is a cards that's
unique only to Castle Knights.
It nullifies the opponents abilities
and decreases all of their power levels.
The Castle Knights have their very own command card?
Yes, and on top of everything I just mentioned,
it also merges with Aranaut's Battle Gear,
allowing a level two class to be activated.
Ready?
Battle gear ability activate, Battle Crusher Demise.
Say goodbye!
[exertion sounds]
Ah!
[explosion]
[groans]
Had enough yet, scum?
Not very likely.
Gate card set!
ALL: Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
So much for your big dumb brawler allies, Fabia.
One of them has run away and the other refuses to fight.
Ability activate, Fist Alley.
Ability activate, Fencer Shield.
This is one of my favorites.
All right, gate card open, Random Meinzer.
Ah!
Not more paralysis!
What's the matter, Dan?
You look like you're going to cry.
FABIA: Aranaut!
Fabia, Plitheon will keep pummeling him
until you bring out Drago.
So let's fight.
Or do you want to turn and run like Shun?
STOICA (VOICEOVER): Wait a minute, did Shun take--
Where's Drago?
Long gone, buddy.
Ha, psych, Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Go, Ventus Hawktor.
Surprise, surprise.
Ventus Hawktor is in the house.
Hyah!
What?
Where's Drago?
Isn't it obvious?
You imbecile, they switched Bakugan.
Ability activate, Bolting Fang Slug Shot.
Coming right up.
[exertion sounds]
[whooshing]
Ah!
Oh man, that felt great.
I was just itching to get in there
and smash some Gundalians around.
Sorry, pal, had to do it.
Now that they know about our trick,
should we connect some more dots for these guys?
Why not?
It'll be fun to watch them squirm once they find out
that their days are numbered.
We switched Bakugan early on as an added safety measure,
just in case you guys jumped us.
We knew you'd come after me first,
thinking that I'd be fighting with Drago.
So while I was keeping you distracted,
Shun and Drago could continue on our true mission.
[growling]
You slippery eels conned us again!
Yep, and we're about to restart
the second shield, which will cut off your reinforcements.
Ability activate, Ninja Defense Spiral Twister.
This will be a blast.
[explosion]
Jesse, give me something to counter with.
Ability activate, Hyper Verde.
Ability activate, Megalo Scannie.
Uh-oh.
Hold on, buddy.
We're just about to shut these clowns down for good.
Ability activate, Sky Fang, Cyclone Soar.
Ability activate, Ninja Comet Streamer.
Nice call, Dan.
[explosion]
Ah, yeah.
Gate card nullified.
Wow, that packed a bigger punch than I expected. .
Maybe we should dial it back a bit, huh?
Are you getting soft on me?
Uh, no, I was just, uh, kidding.
I have to win this to stop them from raising the shield.
Battle gear boost!
You're mine.
Battle ability activate, Razoid Charybdis.
Stings, doesn't it?
Ability activate, Life Eater!
I've had it with these Twelve Order freaks.
Time for some major demolition.
I'm right behind you, Dan.
Let's make them really hurt.
We're going big, Hawktor!
Ability activate, Bolting Fang, Slug Shot.
Stand up, Aranaut.
Ability activate, Jumpy Mirage.
Feel like doing some damage, Aranaut?
[exertion sounds]
More than you could ever know.
Ah!
This is gonna hurt!
[explosion]
Redemption has evaded me today.
Oh, yeah!
That's right!
Blasted!
You got lucky today, brawlers!
[laughing]
Let's go, Drago.
We have to get the shield up.
Lead the way, Shun.
I'm ready when you are.
SHUN (VOICEOVER): Drago and I finally
made it through the jungle to the generator building.
We were racing to get the second shield up and running again,
but first we had to make our way past the team of sentries
guarding it.
Just when it looked like we were in the clear,
Kazarina and Lena appeared.
We had come too far and there was too much at stake
to back down, so we fought them with everything we had.
Tune in yourself to see what an incredible team we made.
Right, Drago?
Bakugan brawl!
Maybe we should become permanent partners.
[THEME - DANIEL LEBLANC AND CREIGHTON DOANE,
\"TWO WORLDS COLLIDE\"]